# Nuclear-Reactor-Wireless-Monitoring
This is incomplete, but functional. The program is designed to work in conjunction with the two mods Opencomputers and NuclearReactors for the Minecraft. There are two files, one is for the core reactor monitoring server and the other file is for a wireless tablet. Currently the programs require that both computers are linked together through the in game Linked Card. This allows the computers to communicate across any distance or dimension.

The reactorMain program is broken down into four core services, each is designated to specific tasks. The first service is the statistics logging service, the second is the communications service, the third is the GUI(currently text based), and the final service is the auto on/off service. The auto on/off service is the most important service for ensuring that the reactor itself does not have a melt down. Each service can run without the others running, so if for whatever reason one service stops working, the others will be un harmed. However, if statistics logging service stops operating for whatever reason, then the GUI service will no longer update. The statistics logging service will try to produce a new snapshot every so often; these snapshots will be saved to the local hdd installed into the computer. As for the communications service, it's main purpose is to listen for a specific message and then respond by sending the newest snapshot located in the reactorLog directory. The GUI service is a very simple texted based service that prints the contents of the newest snapshot.

The tablet program is incredibly simpler. It requests a new snapshot from the reactor server's directory, and then displays that snapshot using a text based format.
